# Terms of Service

This site and the mobile applications and services available in connection with this site and mobile application (the "App") are made available to you by Scott Brenner. ("Scott Brenner", "I") subject to these Terms of Service, including those set forth in the Privacy Policy (the “Terms”). By accessing, using or downloading any materials from the App, you agree to follow and be bound by the Terms, which may be updated by me from time to time without notice to you. You can review the most current version of the Terms at any time at Terms of Use. I and my third party providers may make improvements and/or changes in the products, services, mobile applications, features, programs, and prices described in this App at any time without notice. Certain provisions of the Terms may be supplemented or superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages at this App. The App is not intended for and is not designed to attract children under 13 years of age. If you do not agree with the Terms, please do not use this App. BY CONTINUING TO USE THE APP, YOU ARE INDICATING YOUR AGREEMENT TO THE TERMS AND ALL REVISIONS THEREOF.

I reserve the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the App or any portion thereof with or without notice. You agree that I shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the App or any portion thereof.

## Registration

To use some services available on the App, you must complete the membership registration form. You agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the App’s registration form (“User Data”) and (b) maintain and promptly update the User Data to keep it accurate and current. You agree that I may use your User Data to provide services on the App for which you have expressed interest. If you provide any information that is inaccurate or not current, or I have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is inaccurate or not current, I have the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the App. In consideration of your use of the App, you represent that you are of legal age to form a binding contract and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of any applicable jurisdiction.

## Payments

The App is available to download free of charge.

## Fees and Renewals

Some features of the App require an autorenewing subscription available for sale within the app. Pricing is subject to change without notice. ALL PURCHASES ARE FINAL AND NO REFUND WILL BE GIVEN BY ME. Contact Apple directly with refund requests.

## User Conduct

You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account credentials and for restricting access to your credentials and to your device while logged into the App. You accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or from your device. We endeavor to use reasonable security measures to protect against unauthorized access to your account. I cannot, however, guarantee absolute security of your account, your Content or the personal information you provide, and I cannot promise that our security measures will prevent third-party “hackers” from illegally accessing the App or its contents. You agree to immediately notify me of any unauthorized use or your account, or any other breach of security, and to accept all risks of unauthorized access to the User Data and any other information you provide to me.

You understand that all information, data, text, software, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, tags, or other materials (“Content”), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, available in connection with the App are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Content originated. This means that you, and not me, are entirely responsible for all Content that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the App. I do not control or monitor the Content posted to the App by others and, as such, do not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. You understand that by using the App, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will I be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available on the App.

You agree to not use the App to: (a) upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable; (b) harm minors in any way; (c) impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, an Atlas Winds official, forum leader, guide or host, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; (d) upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships; (e) upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party; (f) upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other form of solicitation; (g) upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; (h) interfere with or disrupt the App or servers or networks connected to the App, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the App; and/or (i) intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law. You specifically agree not to access (or attempt to access) the App or the Content through any automated means (including the use of any script, web crawler, robot, spider, or scraper), and that you will not forge or manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any access (or attempted access) to the App.

You acknowledge that we may or may not pre-screen or monitor Content, but that I and my designees shall have the right (but not the obligation) in our sole discretion to pre-screen, monitor, refuse or remove any Content that is available via the App. Without limiting the foregoing, I and my designees shall have the right to remove any Content that violates the Terms or is otherwise objectionable. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content available in connection with the App, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such Content.

You acknowledge, consent and agree that I may access, preserve and disclose your User Data, Payment Method information and other Content if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce the Terms; (c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third parties; (d) respond to your requests for customer service; or (e) protect the rights, property or personal safety of me, my users and the public. Subject to the foregoing, I will use reasonable efforts to maintain the confidentiality of your User Data and Payment Method information.

The App is for your personal and noncommercial use. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell for any commercial purposes any portion of the App, use of the App or access to the App.

You understand that use of certain features of the App may require you to purchase third party equipment or materials. While I may recommend the equipment or materials of certain third party suppliers, I shall have no responsibility for your acquisition or use of any third party equipment or materials and do not guarantee that third party equipment or materials will function with the App or will be error-free.

## Content Submitted to the App

I do not claim ownership of Content you may submit or make available for inclusion on the App. However, with respect to Content you submit or make available for inclusion on the App (other than User Data or Payment Method information), you grant me a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free and non-exclusive license, as applicable, to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display and otherwise exploit such Content on the App for the purposes of providing and promoting the App and the features and services available on the App.

The App may provide you with the option of making certain Content that you submit to the App as private or available only to select users of the App. If, upon submission of Content to the App, you initially elect to mark such Content as private or available for a limited group of users, I will maintain the privacy of such Content in accordance with your election. However, if you do not elect to mark your Content as private or available for a limited group of users, or later change such designation to allow such Content to be made generally available, I can not and do not guarantee the privacy of such Content.

## Electronic Communications

The App may provide you with the ability to send e-mails, post messages to user forums, enter chat rooms, speak via Internet voice connections or send similar messages and communications to third party service providers, advertisers, other users and/or me. You agree to use communication methods available on the App only to send communications and materials related to the subject matter for which we provided the communication method, and you further agree that all such communications by you shall be deemed your Content and shall be subject to and governed by the Terms. By using any of the communications methods available on the App, you acknowledge and agree that (a) all communications methods constitute public, and not private, means of communication between you and the other party or parties, (b) communications sent to or received from third party service providers, advertisers or other third parties are not be endorsed, sponsored or approved by me (unless expressly stated otherwise by me) and (c) communications are not pre-reviewed, post-reviewed, screened, archived or otherwise monitored by me in any manner, though I reserve the right to do so at any time at my sole discretion in accordance with the Terms. You agree that all notices, disclosures and other communications that I provide to you electronically shall satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.

## Proprietary Rights

You acknowledge and agree that the App, any necessary software used in connection with the App (if any) and any Content available on the App contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. Except as expressly permitted by applicable law or authorized by me or applicable third party service providers or advertisers, you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the App, the software or Content available on the App (other than Content that you may submit), in whole or in part.

I grant you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive right and license to access and use the App; provided that you do not (and do not allow any third party to) copy, modify, create a derivative work from, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any right in the App. You agree not to access the App by any means other than through the interface that is provided by me for use in accessing the App.

The term TK Schedule, the TK Schedule logo and product and service names are the exclusive trademarks of, and are owned by Scott Brenner, and you may not use or display such trademarks in any manner without my prior written permission. Any third party trademarks or service marks displayed on the App are the property of their respective owners.

I reserve all rights not expressly granted hereunder.

## Disclaimer of Warranties and Liability

THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND CONTENT AVAILABLE ON THE APP IS PROVIDED TO YOU “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTY. SCOTT BRENNER AND MY SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO SUCH INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND CONTENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. SCOTT BRENNER AND MY SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (a) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (b) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE; (c) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; (d) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS; AND (e) ANY ERRORS IN THE APP WILL BE CORRECTED.

YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT SCOTT BRENNER IS NOT PROVIDING MEDICAL ADVICE VIA THE APP. THE CONTENT PROVIDED THROUGH THE APP, INCLUDING ALL TEXT, PHOTOGRAPHS, IMAGES, ILLUSTRATIONS, GRAPHICS, AUDIO, VIDEO AND AUDIO-VIDEO CLIPS, AND OTHER MATERIALS, WHETHER PROVIDED BY US OR BY OTHER ACCOUNT HOLDERS OR THIRD PARTIES IS NOT INTENDED TO BE AND SHOULD NOT BE USED IN PLACE OF (a) THE ADVICE OF YOUR PHYSICIAN OR OTHER MEDICAL PROFESSIONALS, (b) A VISIT, CALL OR CONSULTATION WITH YOUR PHYSICIAN OR OTHER MEDICAL PROFESSIONALS, OR (c) INFORMATION CONTAINED ON OR IN ANY PRODUCT PACKAGING OR LABEL. SHOULD YOU HAVE ANY HEALTH RELATED QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL OR SEE YOUR PHYSICIAN OR OTHER HEALTHCARE PROVIDER PROMPTLY. SHOULD YOU HAVE AN EMERGENCY, CALL YOUR PHYSICIAN OR 911 IMMEDIATELY. YOU SHOULD NEVER DISREGARD MEDICAL ADVICE OR DELAY IN SEEKING MEDICAL ADVICE BECAUSE OF ANY CONTENT PRESENTED ON THIS APP, AND YOU SHOULD NOT USE THE APP OR ANY CONTENT IN THE APP FOR DIAGNOSING OR TREATING A HEALTH PROBLEM. THE TRANSMISSION AND RECEIPT OF OUR CONTENT, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OR COMMUNICATION VIA THE INTERNET, E-MAIL OR OTHER MEANS DOES NOT CONSTITUTE OR CREATE A DOCTOR-PATIENT, THERAPIST-PATIENT OR OTHER HEALTHCARE PROFESSIONAL RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN YOU AND SCOTT BRENNER.

YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR ACTIVITIES, WHICH GENERATE THE CONTENT YOU POST OR SEEK TO POST ON THE APP CARRY CERTAIN INHERENT AND SIGNIFICANT RISKS OF PROPERTY DAMAGE, BODILY INJURY OR DEATH AND THAT YOU VOLUNTARILY ASSUME ALL KNOWN AND UNKNOWN RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THESE ACTIVITIES EVEN IF CAUSED IN WHOLE OR PART BY THE ACTION, INACTION OR NEGLIGENCE OF SCOTT BRENNER OR BY THE ACTION, INACTION OR NEGLIGENCE OF OTHERS. YOU ALSO EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT SCOTT BRENNER DOES NOT ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE INSPECTION, SUPERVISION, PREPARATION, OR CONDUCT OF ANY ENTITY THAT UTILIZES SCOTT BRENNER'S APP.

YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE TO RELEASE SCOTT BRENNER, MY SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, EMPLOYEES, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS (THE “RELEASED PARTIES”) FROM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY CONNECTED WITH YOUR ACTIVITIES, AND PROMISE NOT TO SUE THE RELEASED PARTIES FOR ANY CLAIMS, ACTIONS, INJURIES, DAMAGES, OR LOSSES ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR ACTIVITIES. YOU ALSO AGREE THAT IN NO EVENT SHALL THE RELEASED PARTIES BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH (a) YOUR USE OR MISUSE OF THE APP, (b) YOUR USE OR MISUSE OF EQUIPMENT OR PROGRAMS CREATED OR LICENSED BY SCOTT BRENNER WHILE ENGAGED IN FLYING ACTIVITIES, (c) YOUR DEALINGS WITH THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS OR ADVERTISERS AVAILABLE THROUGH THE APP, (d) ANY DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THE APP EXPERIENCED BY YOU, (e) ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES OR CONTENT OBTAINED THROUGH THE APP, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF SCOTT BRENNER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

## Indemnity

You agree to indemnify and hold me and my subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, representatives, employees, partners and licensors harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of Content you submit, post, transmit or otherwise seek to make available through the App, your use of the App, your activities which generate the Content you post or seek to post on the App, your connection to the App, your violation of the Terms, or your violation of any rights of another person or entity.

## Termination

You agree that I may, under certain circumstances and without prior notice, immediately terminate your account and/or access to the App. Cause for such termination shall include, but not be limited to, (a) breaches or violations of the Terms or other incorporated agreements or guidelines, (b) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (c) a request by you (self-initiated account deletions), (d) discontinuance or material modification to the App (or any portion thereof), (e) unexpected technical or security issues or problems, (f) extended periods of inactivity, and/or (g) nonpayment of any fees owed by you in connection with the App. Termination of your account may include (x) removal of access to all offerings within the App, (y) deletion of your information, files and Content associated with or inside your account, and (z) barring of further use of the App. Further, you agree that all terminations for cause shall be made in my sole discretion and that I shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your account or access to the App.

## APPLICABLE LAWS

This App is controlled by Scott Brenner from my offices within the United States of America. I make no representation that the Content in the App or the App are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from territories where their content or use is illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this App from locations outside of the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. You may not use or export the Content in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations. Any action related to the App, the Content or the Terms shall be governed by Colorado law and controlling U.S. federal law, without regard to conflicts of laws thereof. You hereby consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the state and federal courts located in Denver County, Colorado for any legal proceedings related to the App or the Terms. If any party hereto brings any suit or action against another for relief, declaratory or otherwise, arising out of these Terms, the prevailing party will have and recover against the other party, in addition to all court costs and disbursements, such sum as the court may adjudge to be reasonable attorneys’ fees. Except to the extent prohibited by applicable law, the parties agree that any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the App or the Terms must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.

## General

You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship exists between you and Scott Brenner as a result of the Terms or your use of the App. The Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Scott Brenner with respect to your use of the App. The failure of me to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Terms remain in full force and effect. You may not assign, delegate or otherwise transfer your account or your obligations under these Terms without the prior written consent of me. I have the right, in my sole discretion, to transfer or assign all or any part of its rights under these Terms and will have the right to delegate or use third party contractors to fulfill my duties and obligations under these Terms and in connection with the App. My notice to you via email, regular mail or notices or links on the App shall constitute acceptable notice to you under the Terms. A printed version of the Terms and/or any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to the Terms to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. Section titles and headings in the Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.

I will provide support to you related to the App via the following methods:

* Email [brenner.scott.980@icloud.com](mailto:brenner.scott.980@icloud.com)

I strive to respond to support requests within 48 hours after the request is placed.

If you have any questions regarding these Terms, please contact me by email at [brenner.scott.980@icloud.com](mailto:brenner.scott.980@icloud.com).
